add question to ntt faq about minting sui tokens after the treasury cap moved to the ntt manager (#608)
wormhole-foundation/wormhole-docs: products/token-transfers/native-token-transfers/faqs.md

    sui client transfer --to MULTISIG_ADDRESS --object-id UPGRADE_CAP_ID_STEP1
    ```

4. Check new owner of `AdminCap` object:
    ```bash
    sui client object ADMIN_CAP_ID_STEP1 --json \
        | jq -r '.owner'
    ```

## How can I mint tokens after moving the treasury object to the NTT manager on Sui?

To mint tokens after moving the treasury object to the NTT manager on Sui, you need to use the `take_treasury_cap` function from the [NTT contract](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/native-token-transfers/blob/main/sui/packages/ntt/sources/state.move#L307C16-L307C33){target=\_blank}. This function allows the admin to temporarily take the treasury cap to mint assets.

The flow works as follows:

1. **Take the treasury cap**: Use `state.take_treasury_cap(admin_cap)` to extract the treasury cap.
2. **Mint assets**: Perform your minting operations with the treasury cap.
3. **Return the treasury cap**: Use `state.return_treasury_cap(treasury_cap)` to return it to the state.

!!!Important 
    Return the Treasury Cap! If the treasury cap is not returned in the same transaction, the NTT deployment will stop working. The contract will break and become non-functional.

> We recommend using [Programmable Transaction Blocks (PTBs)](https://docs.sui.io/concepts/transactions/prog-txn-blocks){target=\_blank} for this operation. PTBs allow you to execute multiple operations atomically in a single transaction, ensuring that both the minting operation and returning the treasury cap happen together, preventing any risk of the contract breaking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to use [Programmable Transaction Blocks (PTBs)](https://docs.sui.io/concepts/transactions/prog-txn-blocks){target=\_blank} for this operation. PTBs allow you to execute multiple operations atomically in a single transaction, ensuring that both the minting operation and returning the treasury cap happen together, preventing any risk of the contract breaking.
```

        | jq -r '.owner'
```

## How can I mint tokens after moving the treasury object to the NTT manager on Sui?

To mint tokens after moving the treasury object to the NTT manager on Sui, you need to use the `take_treasury_cap` function from the [NTT contract](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/native-token-transfers/blob/main/sui/packages/ntt/sources/state.move#L307C16-L307C33){target=\_blank}. This function allows the admin to temporarily take the treasury cap to mint assets.

The flow works as follows:

> 1. **Take the treasury cap**: Use `state.take_treasury_cap(admin_cap)` to extract the treasury cap

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Take the treasury cap**: Use `state.take_treasury_cap(admin_cap)` to extract the treasury cap.
```

> 2. **Mint assets**: Perform your minting operations with the treasury cap

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. **Mint assets**: Perform your minting operations with the treasury cap.
```

> 3. **Return the treasury cap**: Use `state.return_treasury_cap(treasury_cap)` to return it to the state

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. **Return the treasury cap**: Use `state.return_treasury_cap(treasury_cap)` to return it to the state.
```
